cirr -r ./tests.fraig/opt05.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/opt06.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirse
cirp -s
usage
q -f 
ciciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim05.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim06.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim07.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim08.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim09.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim10.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim11.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim12.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim13.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim14.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim15.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
usage
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash01.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash02.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash03.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash04.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash05.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash06.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash07.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash08.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash09.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash10.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
usage
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/test1.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/test2.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
ciropt
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirw
cirsw
cirp -s
usage
q -f
