cirr ./tests.fraig/strash01.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s 
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash02.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash03.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash04.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash05.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash06.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash07.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash08.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash09.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/strash10.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/test1.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/test2.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim01.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim02.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim03.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim04.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim05.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim06.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim07.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim08.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim09.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim10.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim11.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim12.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim13.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim14.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
cirr -r ./tests.fraig/sim15.aag
cirp -s
cirsw
ciropt
cirp -s
cirp -n
cirstra
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 13 -fanout 3
cirg 14 -fanout 3
cirg 15 -fanout 3
cirg 16 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirp -n
cirp -s
usage
q -f
